Hey everyone,

as of today, the community bonding period is over. I'm quite pleased by
how well things have been going so far. Besides getting to know your
mentors and communities and making plans for your work during the
summer, many of you have done much more such as fixing bugs in your
project's code base or already starting on the implementation your
tasks.

That's just marvellous! I'm confident things will continue to go equally
well during all of the summer.

However, now, with the beginning of the coding period, things will
change slightly. Some of you already shared their progress with the
community through either status reports to the mailing list or blog
posts, which I'm very happy about. Those of you that did should continue
to do so. Those of you that haven't started keeping the rest of us up to
date on what they're doing yet should start doing so now, as status
reports are becoming mandatory as of this week in order for your mentors
to have enough data to provide you with help and guidance as necessary.


Some of you weren't entirely clear on how exactly those reports should
look like. Of course, that's entirely my fault for being much to vague
when describing them initially. I'll try to clarify a bit. If I still
fail at answering all the questions you might have about them, please do
follow up.

Progress reports aren't supposed to be very formal. If you feel more
comfortable with writing short bullet-lists, do so instead of putting
all too much effort into writing little essays.

Reports are to be sent to the tpf-gsoc-students@googlegroups.com
list. Just blogging isn't enough, and neither is sending a link to a
blog post to the list. We need the actual text of the report sent to the
list. However, if you feel like publicising your reports in other ways
such as your blog, a git repository, or whatever, that's fine of course.

Additionally, reports also need to be sent directly to all of your
mentors, a list they're all subscribed to, or similar.

It's not necessary for the reports to contain actual code. If you're
having a particular problem with a certain piece of code, link to it
after committing it somewhere, possibly to a branch. Similarly, to share
the code you've written in a week, linking to the commits in your
repository is sufficient.

While it's up to you to decide how much information your reports will
contain, the bare minimum will have to consist of a brief description of
the things you've done last week (even if it's as short as "nothing -
I've been preparing for my math finals"), what problems you're currently
facing, if any, (be they related to design, implementation, or
whatever), and what you plan to do during the following week (the next
milestone you'll be trying to tackle, the exam you'll need to prepare
for, or whatever).

In addition to that, an evaluation of your progress made so far and a
comparison with your project's time-line and milestones would be
appreciated. If you feel like you're not progressing as fast as or
faster than you expected and believe the time-line might need adjusting,
do say so.

Of course, your progress reports are also the right place to include any
other information that you deem important for your project.


I'm very much looking forward to your reports as well as your work
during the summer. I hope you do as well.
